throughout his 95 years in the palm
has tradition in basketball in futsal
in fencing in cycling in athletics a
gymnastics in volleyball palm trees has a
impressive brand of no achievements
over 36 months.
The club's various activities have
its existence
the tip
is for me the name that is more striking than
more is identified the palm trees without
doubt any added value of elegance
how he played the ethical procedure of the
that he always had the ademir was in the
true a glass of all possible
the player I most enjoyed seeing
playing football was Chinese zhe roberto
Carlos
That Roberto's kick is everything from
good of the bo was what marked me much and
it was the catcher brigand that 's how pierre is
Today I love landmarks but you know I admire
a lot of it for the fidelity he has
by the club in the time it is in
club for criticism for example has had many
proposals but this love that he has for
club is something that touches me a lot
it is difficult for you to set up a team with the
best players marks valdir too
in the goal general carbine of sewer ferrari
General is a great player
ronaldo nor from the field document
I admired the guide gildo gallardo servilio
little john my little miller who goes
and tupazzinho we still remember the
deceased and dear
julinho umberto line jair the tato
rodrigues
oberdan salvador juvenal waldemar fiume
luiz vila theme today more recent ademir
from the dundo's guide the crazy cesar
How many people came by?
we would need one from an encyclopedia
press all these names
in its history actually the palm trees
always was at least always a team
that if always in front of the others né
we find several various passages there
first had professional and nation
first team with an agreement
with sports equipment company then
I promised in their history these primacy
if the tata palm trees always get
modernizing I see today a team almost
centenary but always renewing itself
the first word I said second
My father was a lecture, we do not live by
title
we live a month the sertanense is a
very special thing only we who are
we can appreciate this passion and this
Palm tree emotion is the love of my life
I'll stop service with the xará toró
ended
It's something that is very connected there
much in tchitato skin getting stuck
that no tattoo and the casim on the 20th of
December of 74 on the 22nd the palm trees
played the final of the championship
Brazilian in Morumbi
I was present in the game is something
out of the ordinary know why it's a thing
that is within me is a gift of
god and deserve is all that the supporter can
undoubtedly want no guidance from the
palmeirenses fanatics that exists here
in Sao Paulo
the palm trees is my home where I stay
The most time of my life is 17 years.
I do not see myself out of here with my
family is Palmeiran and my Italian father
so I think it 's the thing that most
I remember that my first time that my father
got me in the game
Only the woman knows what it is to be good.
This is not for everyone.
the present
encourage the crowd
she wants wins is a very emotional
great so you see our supporter
I'll talk about yesterday until the game against
fluminense
a rain I think is watching people pay a fee
almost overwhelmed because it relies on
team that supports our team and
This leaves people very motivated.
inside field
the anthem sung by the crowd of the palm trees
in the stadiums is something to stop the
transmission of matches to the
palm is the one that most sang the
club that never in your own knows what
comes from the front that the hardness of the building
it was not that the palm trees there is no pain of the
turning loyalty into
standard always knows how to beat and
show that in fact it is champion defense that
nobody passes the race striker line
ae